mi Kafka sample implementation (#66)
wso2/choreo-examples: integrations/micro-integrator/kafka-order-notification-client/README.md

# Integration Studio - Kafka Producer Consumer Integration

This integration project enables you to produce and consume messages from a Kafka topic. It consists of a Kafka producer and a Kafka consumer. The producer sends order payloads to a specified Kafka topic, and the consumer listens to the same topic, retrieving and logging the order payloads.

## Prerequisites

- Access to a running Kafka server with SASL Plain text auth enabled.
- Basic understanding of Kafka concepts such as topics, brokers, and producers/consumers.
- HTTP client (e.g., curl) for testing the integration.

## Deploying in Choreo

1. Fork this repository.

> 2. Create service component in Choreo under the Micro Integrator preset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a service component in Choreo under the WSO2 MI preset.
```
